BD-3814 Apply template standards to Your Reports (#8712)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/data_and_analytics/reporting/funnel_reports.md

Funnel reporting is available from the following locations in the dashboard:

- The **Campaign Analytics** page for a specific campaign
- The **Canvas Details** page for a specific Canvas, by selecting the **Analyze Variants** button 

{% alert important %}
Funnel Reports are not available for [API campaigns]({{site.baseurl}}/api/api_campaigns/).
{% endalert %}

### Step 1: Select a date range

> You can select a time frame for your report (within the past six months), and refine the data to see users who, upon entering the campaign or Canvas, completed the funnel events within a set window (maximum of 30 days). In the following example, your funnel would look for users who received this campaign or Canvas in the last seven days and completed the funnel within three days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can select a time frame for your report (within the past six months), and refine the data to see users who, upon entering the campaign or Canvas, completed the funnel events within a set window (up to 30 days). In the following example, your funnel would look for users who received this campaign or Canvas in the last seven days and completed the funnel within three days.
```
